 Kubernetes is more than a container management solution. It provides a complete managed execution environment for deploying, running, 
 managing and orchestrating containers. Several features, such as auto scaling and auto healing using cluster- or application-specific
 probes, are unique for Kubernetes and bring it close to the solutions such as AWS Lambda.

Some container management features of Kubernetes does not have ECS-specific limitations.For example, ECS does not allow multiple containers
exposing the same port on the same node.
Also there is an opinion (potentially subjective) that Kubernetes CLI is more comfortable than ECS CLI.

In addition to the auto scaling and auto healing features we mentioned above, Kubernetes has unique features such as Kubernetes Secrets 
and Config Maps to store credentials and configuration files correspondingly and share them among containers. ECS does not support
secrets directly, however it is possible to encrypt secrets using Amazon Key Management Service (KMS) and decrypt them in containers. 
In ECS, there is no direct alternative for Kubernetes Config Maps as far as we know. It does not have a way to pass configuration to a 
container other than with environment variables, and the only way to specify the same values for several containers is to copy and 
paste them.

 it is hard to compare features of ECS and Kubernetes directly, because ECS relies on other Amazon services such as IAM, ELB, EC2 and it 
 is practically impossible to use ECS independently.At the same time, Kubernetes provide a complete managed execution environment and in 
 most cases you have a choice, which open-source components to use for a specific implementation. For example, with Kubernetes you have a 
 choice for a network model (for example, OpenVSwitch, Flannel, or Calico), for a persistent storage (for example, Ceph, GlusterFS, or NFS) 
 and so on.
 
ECS come with a drawback – once started with ECS you have to use Amazon services for everything.On the other hand, Kubernetes is more than 
a container management solution. It provides a complete, managed-execution environment for deploying, running, managing and orchestrating
containers.
